Improve CLI generated file names and arguments (#649)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-grpc: docs/spec/spec.md

Ballerina language has a command-line interface that manages the lifecycle of a Ballerina program (such as build, test, and run). In addition, Ballerina CLI contains all the gRPC related stub and service skeleton generation capabilities. The gRPC command in Ballerina CLI is as follows.

```sh
bal grpc --input <proto-file-path> --output <output-directory> --mode client|service --proto-path <proto-directory>
```

> The `--input` parameter is the only mandatory for the Ballerina gRPC command, and it specifies the path of the protobuf file of a gRPC service. The optional `--output` parameter indicates the path that output will be written. If the output path is not specified, the output will be written to a directory corresponding to the package in the Protocol Buffers definition. If the package is not specified, the output will be written to a `temp` directory in the current location. The optional `--mode` indicate what type of output files are needed. For example, if mode specifies as service, the gRPC command will generate the relevant stub file along with a service skeleton. If the mode is client, the gRPC command will generate a sample client code along with the stub. If nothing is specified, only the stub file is generated. The optional `--proto-path`option state the path to a directory, in which to look for .proto files when resolving import directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--input` parameter is the only mandatory parameter for the Ballerina gRPC command, and it specifies the path of the protobuf file of a gRPC service. The optional `--output` parameter indicates the path that output will be written to. If the output path is not specified, the output will be written to a directory corresponding to the package in the Protocol Buffers definition. If the package is not specified, the output will be written to a `temp` directory in the current location. The optional `--mode` indicate what type of output files are needed. For example, if mode specifies as service, the gRPC command will generate the relevant stub file along with a service skeleton. If the mode is client, the gRPC command will generate a sample client code along with the stub. If nothing is specified, only the stub file is generated. The optional `--proto-path`parameter states the path to a directory, in which to look for .proto files when resolving import directives.
```
